Loom video:<br>
https://www.loom.com/share/c27ca89d7ae34c2ab17f1f261e6b79e4?sid=1819b858-9e00-4e2f-92e7-6c12164d7a16

This project is a Node.js application written in TypeScript that securely interacts with the Sunvoy API to orchestrate a user login, retrieve user data as well as authenticated user data, and writes that data to a JSON file.

Initialize a new Node.js project: <br>
npm init -y
<br><br>
Install TypeScript and types for Node.js: <br>
npm install --save-dev typescript @types/node

I installed the @types/node package for the purpose of enabling early detection of errors related to Node.js APIs through static type checking. <br>

Install node-fetch for fetch API support in Node.js: <br>
npm install node-fetch@3

node-fetch@3 provides the fetch API for making HTTP requests in a Node.js environment. <br>

Install fetch-cookie for automatic cookie storage and population: <br>
npm i --save-dev fetch-cookie

--save-dev flag is an npm install command that adds the installed package to the devDependencies section of the package.json file.

Install JSDOM as it makes it possible to parse HTML strings into a DOM structure, allowing elements to be queried: <br>
npm install --save-dev @types/jsdom
<br><br>
Initialize a TypeScript configuration file: <br>
npx tsc --init <br>

Remember that the TypeScript configuration file <br> serves as an instruction manual for the TypeScript <br> compiler, specifying how the project should be <br> compiled and processed. <br>

mkdir src data
<br>
The "data" folder is where data generated by the project's scripts will be stored.

An example would be the users.json file where the fetched user data is being saved. <br>

I created the fetchUsers.ts file inside the src folder with the intention of writing source code there that will perform an API call and write the output file.

Compile the TypeScript source code by executing the following in the project root directory which is the directory where tsconfig.json is located: <br>
npx tsc

In tsconfig.json, I included the subsequent line in the compilerOptions, this way files generated as a consequence of compilation will be outputted there: <br>
"outDir": "./dist",

In tsconfig.json, but outside of compilerOptions, I added the below two lines:

"include": ["src/**/*"], <br>
"exclude": ["node_modules"]

"include": ["src/**/*"] tells the compiler to
compile all TypeScript files under src.
<br>
"exclude": ["node_modules"] tells the TypeScript
compiler <br> not to compile any files inside the
node_modules directory.

Install all dependencies: <br>
npm install
<br><br>

Before sharing the project, I renamed the .env file
to .env.example and removed the values for the
environment variables as this is the proper convention.
<br>
The values assigned to the environment variables
were temporarily stored in another storage location.

To run the script: <br>
npm run start